docs: tw798 (#3270)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: docs/partials/glossary/_multivm.mdx

titleforSort: MultiVM
---

> MultiVM refers Arbitrum's ability to support multiple virtual machines (VMs). Specifically, Arbitrum Stylus introduces a WebAssembly (WASM)-based virtual machine alongside the traditional Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). This means developers can write smart contracts in languages like Rust, C, or C++ (compiled to WASM) or continue using Solidity for the EVM, and both types of contracts can interact on the same chain. This approach preserves EVM compatibility while enabling more efficient execution and access to a broader set of programming languages and libraries[(1)](https://docs.arbitrum.io/stylus/concepts/how-it-works)[(2)](https://docs.arbitrum.io/launch-arbitrum-chain/partials/config-other-language-support).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MultiVM refers to Arbitrum's ability to support multiple virtual machines (VMs). Specifically, Arbitrum Stylus introduces a WebAssembly (WASM)-based virtual machine alongside the traditional Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM). This means developers can write smart contracts in languages like Rust, C, or C++ (compiled to WASM) or continue using Solidity for the EVM, and both types of contracts can interact on the same chain. This approach preserves EVM compatibility while enabling more efficient execution and access to a broader set of programming languages and libraries. Learn more about [how Stylus works](/stylus/concepts/how-it-works) and [language support](/launch-arbitrum-chain/partials/config-other-language-support).
```
